docs: rename `dvc lock` -> `dvc freeze` (#1380)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/freeze.md

# freeze

Freeze a [stage](/doc/command-reference/run). Use `dvc unfreeze` to unfreeze the
stage.

## Synopsis

```usage
usage: dvc freeze [-h] [-q | -v] targets [targets ...]

positional arguments:
  targets        stages to freeze.
```

## Description

`dvc freeze` causes any stage to be considered _not changed_ by `dvc status` and

> `dvc repro`. Stage reproduction will not execute the command or regenerate
> <abbr>outputs</abbr> of frizen stages, even if some dependencies have changed,
> and even if `--force` is provided.

Reviewer: Thanks for fix! I think here we meant to simplify to just
```suggestion
`dvc repro`. Stage reproduction will not regenerate <abbr>outputs</abbr>
of frozen stages, even if some dependencies have changed, and even if
`--force` is provided.
```
Also, typo fixed ^ 😬
